# methods_class
Approaches to Study Neural Circuits

The class is now finished. All 12 lectures are recorded and available 
to watch. All course materials, including assigned readings and 
lecture slides, are under the "code" tab, or in the "View code" folder
if you're on a mobile device.

We have done our best to ensure all of the course material is accurate,
but any necessary corrections will be in each lecture folder. If there
are any questions or problems, or if you note any inaccuracies or 
important omissions, email luke@sjulsonlab.org

Lecture 1: Signals and data acquisition hardware
(note: Lecture 1 is a little rough, but the subsequent ones are more 
polished)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mldM94od3g

Lecture 2: Sampling, filtering, convolution, digital data formats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MAQtmK0b14

Lecture 3: Electrophysiology 1 (the basics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-SOnQ9v6M8

Lecture 4: Electrophysiology 2 (data preprocessing and spike sorting)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iukrKY34y4

Lecture 5: Fluorescent proteins; genetically encoded sensors and
actuators (e.g. GCaMP, optogenetics, chemogenetics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebC5FL1kY1w

Lecture 6: In vivo imaging from photometry to miniscopes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YG6w5lV0Lwg

Lecture 7: In vivo imaging: from images to data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9juDmbkAUmY

Lecture 8: Anatomical tracing techniques
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXJGraPHS6g

Lecture 9: Lesions, pharmacology, and genetic manipulations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqWcUTQFOR0

Lecture 10: Genetic manipulations part 2; sequencing and analyses of gene expression, scRNA-seq
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOQ3vf7iaaQ

Lecture 11: High throughput microscopy and brain clearing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37hkOQP2zZQ

Lecture 12: Experimental design (new lecture added in 2024)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VhXJMyT4Ik













